Feature/improve template doc (#179)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.gcp.landing-zones.md

```yaml
resources:
- name: enable_api
  type: gs://likvid-gdm-templates/single_vm2/enable_api.jinja
- name: vm_template
  type: gs://likvid-gdm-templates/single_vm2/vm_template.py
  properties:
    zone: europe-west1-b
```

> The maximum filesize currently is 1MB please [contact us](mailto:support@meshcloud.io) if you need support for bigger template configurations.

The replicator needs to assign the project service accounts read access to the bucket so the templates can be fetched. Its therefore necessairy to give the `meshfed-service` role the **Storage Admin** permission on this bucket. The replicator then assignes read access for the projects service accounts which have the form of `<PROJECT_ID>@cloudservices.gserviceaccount.com`.

The name of the template deployment is `template-<CUSTOMER_IDENTIFER>-<PROJECT_IDENTIFIER>` cut to a maximum length of 63 chars.

If the URL is changed or the underlying template updated the projects will automatically get an update of the template. Please make sure that the templates can be deployed without errors beforehand.

> Please note that you probably want to enable all the necessairy APIs in order to allow deployment of this template. Templates can enable APIs via the template type `deploymentmanager.v2.virtual.enableService`, for more information see the [Deployment Manager docs](https://cloud.google.com/deployment-manager/docs/configuration/supported-resource-types).

Reviewer: necessairy
```suggestion
Please note that you probably want to enable all the necessary APIs on the GCP project in order to allow deployment of this template. Templates can enable APIs via the virtual template type `deploymentmanager.v2.virtual.enableService`. For more information see the official [Deployment Manager docs](https://cloud.google.com/deployment-manager/docs/configuration/supported-resource-types).
```
